There's no video evidence of what hit the Pentagon.
Um,
there's a video of something I know there was one camera thing or a security
camera video that was released. But what they did have is all sorts of pizza,
pieces of aircraft, all over the lawn. I mean,
in a blown up building and a plane that's missing and all the people dead,
like I'm going to guess it was a plane. Yeah. You know, I just,
I think people look for conspiracies and everything cause it's exciting.
Stimulating there is.
But then obviously B I know that you don't believe that everything we're told
is the truth right away. Right. I mean,
if we go to something like a Gulf of Tonkin incident, right? I mean,
that's been proven to be false or the facts like the banana republics, right.
Where Dole asked us to go take out one of their dictators because they were
going to nationalize all the banana plants in that country. I mean,
those things have been now proven to be totally factual that the United States
government went and did that stuff. So the fact that, and you know,
in 1960s or seventies, those things were reported the opposite, right?
So we can't obviously take everything that we've been reported as truth.
Well, there's definitely been conspiracies that have been put together
and executed and these conspiracies have greatly affected the American people.
The Gulf of Tonkin is a perfect example.
Another one that they were planning on was operation Northwoods.
Operation Northwoods was one that they were planning on,
blowing up a drone jetliner and blaming it on the Cubans that were going to arm
Cuban friendlies, and have them attack Juan Tamo bay.
And they're going to sacrifice American troops and American lives.
And they're going to do this in order to get people to be excited about a war
with Cuba. This is a real thing that was signed by the joint chiefs of staff.
It was released by the freedom of information act and it was vetoed by Kennedy.
So we know that there were people,
at least in 1962 that were planning on like this. So that's a real thing.
And the idea that that just went away and no one does that anymore. It's crazy.
I don't, I don't believe that. I think there's,
there's most certainly evil people in all sectors of
life. Yes, absolutely. Yeah. So it's good to have an open mind,
but there's also a lot of conspiracy loons. It looked.
For consumed with it.
That's that's the issue is they get consumed with nothing that I've been told is
true,
which is obviously I said the one far end of the spectrum and anyone who's dead
end is crazy. Yeah. There's people.
Out there that think the satellites are fake and they think that it's.
Not real. And then the earth is flat is the ones where I just shake my head,
like the moon landing. One's my favorite. Really?
I got balls deep in that for years I was complete completely.
They did not go to the moon. No, I don't. I don't think that anymore,
but you know what I think now I think, I don't know. Um,
but I do think that it is one of the more fascinating conspiracies that between
1969 and 1972, they had 7, 7,
7 attempts, six of them successful,
but they went to the Apollo 13 was the one that they didn't apparently make it
and they had to come back.
But that was the only time in history that a human being has been more than 400
miles above the surface, all the space station missions, all the space,
shuttle missions, all that stuff is, is.
Within orbit. Yeah. It's low. That's.
All very low. They went 260,000 miles out and back in a deep space,
but they had never even flown a chicken out there and see if it comes back
alive.
Yeah, no, I'm not into this, this space shovel.
And so they did a couple of flybys.
Went around the moon early, before they landed on the moon. Yeah.
But other than that, I mean, without unmanned drones,
like what we have on Mars and things like that,
we've never really sent a living thing out through the magnetosphere,
through the van Allen radiation belts into deep space. Have it, you know,
I mean,
th there's all these possibilities of solar flares and anything that would have
killed them instantly. And they just did that.
And then we haven't been able to do that since 19. Yeah. That's.
The one way I I've never looked into the moon landing.
I think it's kind of goofy. Right?
Well, it's weird. It's a weird one.
Why have we never gone back? It's been 50.
Surely our technology is far superior to what it was in 1969, right? Yeah.
Technology is far superior,
except that they're not using that technology for man space
travel into, you know, deep space like that and to go into the moon.
So it's like our technology and all these other areas is superior,
but they haven't really worked towards that because they haven't been funded.
So the big issue is in many ways it's money, right?
It's there's how much money is there and going to the moon.
And it's also very risky to send humans out there.
Maybe we're talking about manned missions to Mars now,
which may or may not take place by 2030. They're talking about doing that,
but it's way cheaper and safer to send robots out there.
Like why risk human lives? Well, it's very.
Robust on the moon. Right. And they put robots on Mars. Yeah. Yeah. The rovers.
On Mars or most, that's the most interesting because they're,
they're sending these really high resolution photos of the surface of Mars and
they're running tests and checking for biological life. It's really,
really interesting stuff. But between 69 and 72, when they did all this stuff,
I mean, there's the technology back then.
It was nothing compared to what they have now in terms of calculations and
computers. And, and it's also, there was a there's unquestionably,
some stuff that,
whether it was images or video that was faked.
And I think really, yeah.
Like I said, I never looked into this at all. Gemini.
15 Is the big one because there's a photo of Michael Collins.
It shows him in deep space and they,
they use it as a press release saying that he was on a spacewalk when it was
really an image of him from a test run,
where there was all this stuff in the background and he was on his harness and
they just blacked out the background and tried to sell it as him being in space.
See if you find that my Michael Collins, I was looking.
At how much it cost to send somebody to space. Oh, it's insane.
70 million Ash, NASA Ash, not to fly on a Russian shuttle. What was that?
Private guys trying to sell tickets to places? I mean,
bayzos is trying to do it Musk obviously, but that space.
That's just, that's just lower thrower, but that's,
that's still inside 400 miles. None of them are trying to go anywhere. No. Well,
they might in the future Branson. Well, that's all same thing.
It's all way through. But, but,
but they are talking about future visits to the moon and to Mars.
But a lot of times I feel like when they say that, you know,
George Bush senior said that they were going to go to the moon,
back to the moon again and like one was that in 1990 or whatever the hell that
was. But people have always said, we're going to go back to the moon,
but we haven't been back since 1972. Does that mean that we never went? No,
but then it gets weird when you find out that Wernher Von Braun was a Nazi
who Wernher Von Braun, the guy who he was the head of NASA,
he was the guy who organized the moon landings.
And he was the head rocket guy.
He was.
He, that guy was a legit Nazi,
like he's wanted by the Simon Wiesenthal center said that he was alive today.
They would prosecute him for crimes against humanity.
They would hang the five slowest workers every day in front of his Berlin,
rocket factory. Oh yeah, no, a hundred percent. I mean, that's what they did.
The, the, what,
what they did was they took this thing was called operation paperclip, where,
when we won world war two,
they took all the top Nazi scientists and they secretly brought them over to
America and they did it on the down low so that no one would think like, Hey,
why do we have a guy named Wernher Von Braun running the American space
program because the, the Nazi scientists or insanely advanced. Hmm.
So the question is like, well, were they really Nazis?
Or were they scientists that were under the boot of the Nazi administration?
I mean, well, I don't know. I mean, not around that,
but I do know that these are the people that were the head engineers
and the people that designed it,
Werner Von Braun's himself was saying how impossible it was just years
before they did the moon landing and years before operation paperclip,
that it was impossible to go to the moon or how ridiculously impossible would
be.
But technology advanced from then to when 1969 happened to when they
did it.
I stopped saying that we never went to the moon because I really don't know what
the I'm talking about. And that's, that's a big part of understanding.
These conspiracies is hard. You have to, well,
you have to really know how much do I know about rocketry?
How much do I know about aerospace zero?
So if I'm running around saying I don't, I, you know,
I don't believe people went to the moon.
What is it based on it's based on mostly on ignorance,
speculation and the exciting,
the excited feeling that comes with trying to uncover a conspiracy.
Sure. But, eh,
I think you do have to be a little bit discerning on what you hear and,
but it is frustrating. And that's where a lot of these conspiracy guys,
they think they know more than they do because you have to come to the
realization that you're probably never going to know the real answer with a lot
of these things. Very likely I, some of them come out many, many, many,
many years later,
we're talking about like Gulf of Tonkin writer or operation Northwest many years
later, it comes out. But you know,
there's a good likelihood that I'll never know the truth on stuff.
I read a lot about, I.
Think with the moon landing, it's way more likely that we went to the moon,
but that some of the footage is fake.
And I think they probably did that because it's incredibly difficult to film
things on the moon.
And I think they filmed some stuff in test runs and then tried to pass that
stuff on.
They didn't have it back then they had these cameras that they had in the center
of their chest. I think.
They would've been taking a selfie on the moon.
They had the Snapchat Snapchat you'd have.
To take your shoes off and then you would die. It was, yeah.
They didn't have a camera that you could put in front of you. Maybe they.
Have one of those clicker buttons. They could have what they're big gloves on.
And they, they, you know,
they put the thing out and then they click it and then boom, Snapchat,
wifi in the moon. That's what they said. Well.
It was that they did it remotely.
That's how they captured the video of the lunar module,
leaving the surface of the moon,
panned up and watched it go that they did all that remotely. Hmm. It's all,
there's some squirrely footage ever see the video of them jumping around.
It looks like they're on trampoline and see that like,
they're just bouncing straight up in the air. You're like, well,
what the is that? How come the physics are different in different flights?
Like in some, some of the flights like Apollo 11,
they're barely getting off the ground. No one.
Where they're like, they're walking, but they're kind of like that. Yeah.
Well there's ones like that. And then there's also ones where they fall down.
It looks like they're getting yanked up by wires.
I think it's entirely possible that some of that stuff was fake, but I don't,
I think it's way more likely that they actually went to the moon than they
didn't, but it's way sexier to think that they fake the whole thing. It's fun.
It's fun to think they fake the whole thing. And everybody was quiet about it.
And you know,
Neil Armstrong gave this real cryptic speech on the 25th anniversary of the moon
mission saying that, you know, there are hidden truths, uh, that the, the, that,
uh, what, uh, what is the exact quote that he said? Um,
some of the great truths that could be real revealed,
removing some of truths, hidden layers, like he was giving her away.
It was real cryptic. It was like, what? He's let's see if he could find it.
I got the video. Yeah, play the video. He might've been given it away. Well,
it seemed if you were conspiracy theory, this would give you a rock hard.
Cause less than listen to them.
Neil Armstrong leader, rare public appearance, next generation of taxpayers. We.
Have no, no, no, just play the whole thing. So you don't confuse everybody.
In 1994, Neil Armstrong,
meta rare public appearance and held back tears as he spoke these brief cryptic
remarks before the next generation of taxpayers, as they toured the white house.
Today, we have with us,
a group of students among America's best
to you. We say we have only completed a beginning.
We leave you much. That is undone.
There are great ideas,
undiscovered breakthroughs available to
those who can remove one of truths, protective layers.
What the does that mean?
I mean, what are you supposed to say? Yo, I went to the moon.
Yeah. It's supposed to say breakthroughs. He's given it away.
Protective layers. Like I don't even understand what that means.
The VIG co the press conference is one of the more fascinating things.
If you watch the press conference again,
I was balls deep in this stuff for years,
the press conference from 1969,
when they were turned from the moon is one of the most cryptic,
weird things you'll ever see.
These guys look like they just stole something and they're being questioned.
It's it's, it's,
I've never seen a video where people look like they're more full of than that
video of the press conference from 1969. It's weird, man. It's weird.
They're like fidgety and looking nervous. Like they getting away with something.
Then they might have done it. They might have, uh,
been forced to say some things that they didn't want to say.
And that could be part of it. You know, they could have done it,
but there's a lot of weirdness with the moon landing.
It's it's if you wanted to have like a conspiracy,
that to wrap your head around, it's exciting.
It's one of the best ones who benefits from it.
The United States government did because it showed military superiority over the
Russian. So we were able to do that, but also, you know,
it was the Nixon administration. People were just flat out full of. I mean,
they were just lying to people left and right back then government though. Yeah.
But even more so then, cause it was unchecked. There was no media.
There's nothing that would expose them for this and this stuff.
They would air it on TV once in 1969. You never see it again.
Unless you watched it on film. There's no YouTube.
We could go back and watch the astronauts on trampolines video.
That's my favorite one. You watch that.
And you'll what in the is happening there.
These guys are bouncing up in the air. Like how are they doing that?
Like they never did. If you watch Apollo 11,
when they were moving around on the surface of the moon,
it just like they're moving in slow motion.
And then you go to whatever it was like Apollo 14 or 15 when they were doing the
trampoline thing, there's flying through the air. Have you seen it?
I know I had never gotten to the moon thing. The flight what's this.
And like their feet are hidden. Look at this,
watch these guys bounce up in the air. It's like,
they're on some sort of wireless. They could be being yanked up into the air.
Oh yeah. Like what the are they doing?
And they're playing like falling down and it's very weird,
but it could have been that they were really on the moon and these guys were
Cowboys and yahoos and they wanted to bounce around.
Oh, you were pacing. You're posting those videos. Post those videos.
I had a debate on Penn Jillette's radio show with, uh,
a guy who an astronomer. And he wasn't willing to admit a lot of stuff.
That it was a fact like the fact that Wernher Von Braun was a Nazi.
The fly looks, I still there. Well.
The flag had a wire, first of all,
on the top of it that stiffened it up to make it.
But there was there's videos of the flag moving in a non-existent breeze,
which is weird too. And there's,
they try to make some logical explanations for why the flag could be moving in a
vacuum. And some of it makes sense,
but some of it doesn't like the wires. One is weird.
If you watch them fall down, like go to that one right there. Jamie, you like,
if you watch, like sometimes they're falling down and when they're falling down,
it looks like they get yanked back up.
But I think it might not have been real footage.
What they might've done is used some test footage,
like right there at Jamie right there. Let it go.
Like homeboy falls down and then it looks like he is yanked back up.
Oh, he did not want him standing up. What is this? That's not him standing up.
You can't stand up like.
That. But you're on the moon. Now you realize you're on one six Earth's gravity.
But.
There was no, there was nothing to make him go like this. Right.
You can't get up without him.
Now we go back to MMA because that's what these freaking folkstyle wrestling is.
The next generation of MMA turn to your base to get up.
You can't look at it. There's nothing on the ground.
How's he going to get them a Mexican, the.
Yanked up? Like he would have super abs. He would have to be like dancer.
Okay. Maybe a break dancer, maybe a break dancer.
But you can't get up without putting a base down, right? Yeah.
Yeah. That was really weird. I didn't.
Watch it again. Watch him get yanked up.
He's got no base. Yeah.
It almost seems like that little piece has played in reverse.
Almost does it almost does. Yeah. That he couldn't stand up.
But the thing falls down right afterwards. So it wasn't reversed.
I think it's entirely possible that some of the footage was,
but it doesn't mean that they didn't go to the moon. Yeah.
It means that overzealous people in here.
Put on the ground there too, right? Yeah. Well, that's true. Look at this watch.
So he stood.
Up like, that's ridiculous. You can't do it. What.
Is rifle?
His dad's left foot's up and he just goes straight up the air and that's fake,
but I've never been in one six earth gravity.
Neither of you. No fake dude.
That says we never went to the moon. That video is fake.
Now the video was real. That's from television.
The video, that guy standing up like that, he got helps on that.
Can't stand up like that very well.
He could have been on wires.
It could have been that they were using that to simulate what it would be like.
Cause they definitely filmed a lot of simulations.
They did a lot of that because they wanted to prepare the astronauts.
It's entirely possible that some of those simulations got passed off as being an
actual video of them on the moon. Sure. Yeah. Fair enough. Or the fake,
the whole thing. I wasn't there.